### Working Paper
- <strong>A Direct Optimal Portfolio Construction Method Relying on Image Processing. </strong>  with Yingjie Niu, Ruihai Dong, and Valerio Poti\
<strong>Abstract</strong>: This paper takes advantage of machine learning (ML) techniques to provide an innovative method for portfolio optimization. We propose an end-to-end optimal tangency portfolio (TP) weights construction method that we label as the "Convolutional Neural Network-Efficient Frontier (CNN-EF)" method. This method does not seek to maximize the Sharpe Ratio (SR) of portfolio returns, which is normally the target of traditional optimal portfolio construction. Instead, the CNN-EF method applies the CNN algorithm on multi-asset return (MAR) images and directly constructs optimal portfolios with max ex-post realized SR. This paper uses 17 industry portfolios as the base assets in an empirical example to demonstrate the superiority of our method in both short- and long-horizon applications. In addition, we consider different levels of transaction costs, proving the robustness of our model even in high transaction cost scenarios. Overall, the CNN-EF method proposed in this paper significantly improves the expected utility for mean-variance investors and can provide investors with an alternative portfolio construction strategy that is efficient and significantly beats the market.\
Presented at: International Association for Applied Econometrics, 2024; 29th Annual Conference of Multinational Finance Society, 2023; the Irish Academy of Finance 4th Annual Conference, 2023

### Publications
- <strong>S. Li</strong>, X. Yang*, A. Cao*, C. Wang, Y. Liu, Y. Liu, and Q. Niu (2024). SeisT: A Foundational Deep-Learning Model for Earthquake Monitoring Tasks. <strong>IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing</strong>. [[Paper]](https://doi.org/10.1109/TGRS.2024.3371503) [[Code]](https://github.com/senli1073/SeisT)

